Personal Pokemon is solely for the purpose that you may download one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, noncommercial home use only. Personal Pokemon is not owned nor associated with "Pokémon". 

The term "Pokémon" refers to The Pokémon Company, Pokémon USA, Inc., Pokémon.com, any and all subsidiaries and legally associated companies, their products, services, and licenses and registered trademarks.
http://www.pokemon.com/termsofuse.asp 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Pokémon" TERMS OF USE

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.

By using this site, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of the Pokémon policies. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use the site. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page regularly for any changes. Your continued use of Pokemon.com following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes. If you have any questions or concerns, please e-mail us at feedback@pokemon-usa.com.

The term "Pokémon" refers to The Pokémon Company, Pokémon USA, Inc., Pokémon.com, any and all subsidiaries and legally associated companies, their products, services, and licenses.

RULES OF USAGE 
The following rules govern the use by you of Pokémon.com. The rules set forth herein apply to all materials, online communications and other information that is or becomes available on Pokémon.com. By entering and using Pokemon.com, you specifically agree to abide by the rules and regulations outlined here. 

RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF MATERIALS

All materials contained in this or any Pokémon site are the copyrighted property of The Pokémon Company and/or Pokémon USA, Inc., or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies and/or third-party licensors. All trademarks, service marks, and trade names are proprietary to The Pokémon Company and/or Pokémon USA, Inc., or its affiliates. No material from this or any other Internet site owned, operated, licensed, or controlled by us or our affiliates may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, except that you may download one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, noncommercial home use only, provided that you keep all copyright and other proprietary notices intact; no modifications are made to the materials; you do not use the materials in any manner suggesting an association with any of our products, services, or brands; you do not download quantities of materials to a database for any reason. For purposes of these terms, the use of any such material on any other Web site or single local computer environment is prohibited. All trademarks, service marks, trade names, and trade dress are proprietary to Pokémon.

COPYRIGHT 

All content on this website, including articles, artwork, screen shots, graphics, logos, digital downloads and other files, is the property of The Pokémon Company or Pokémon USA, Inc., unless owned by a third party, and is protected by United States and international copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property laws. Trademarks and copyrights for third-party games and characters are owned by the companies which market or license those products. All content on this website, including articles, artwork, screen shots, graphics, logos digital downloads and other files, may not be used on any other web site, in any publications, in public performances, in connection with any product or service that is not Pokémon's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, in any manner that disparages or discredits Pokémon, or in any manner that is otherwise exploitative for any commercial purpose or that otherwise infringes Pokémon's intellectual property rights. Pokémon does not grant permission to individuals to use any content from this website. Because we receive thousands of such requests, our policy is to decline use of our trademarks and copyrights.

LINKING

Pokemon.com does not allow or condone links to its web site, pages, materials, or information without prior inspection, evaluation, and written consent by Pokémon. Pokemon.com is not responsible for maintaining any materials referenced from another site, and makes no warranties for that site or this in such context. For consideration and permission for an inter-site link, please contact us feedback@Pokemon.com 

Pokémon makes every effort to screen sites linked from this site for appropriate content, but is not responsible for content on a site out of its control. 

USER'S OBLIGATIONS

In connection with the use of Pokemon.com, you shall abide by all applicable federal, state and local laws, including those pertaining to such areas as libel, slander, defamation, trade libel, product disparagement, harassment, invasion of privacy, tort, obscenity, indecency, and copyright or trademark infringement. The materials and information available on Pokemon.commay include intellectual property that is protected under the copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws of the United States and/or other countries. Such Intellectual Property Laws generally prohibit the unauthorized reproduction, distribution or exhibition of all text, photographic and graphic (art and electronic) images, music, sound samplings and other protected materials. The violation of applicable Intellectual Property Laws may give rise to civil and/or criminal prosecution and penalties. 


SUBMISSIONS

By submitting information to Pokemon.com, you grant Pokémon a perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide license to use, transmit, copy and display such information in any and all media now known or hereinafter devised and represent that you have all necessary rights in such posting. No consideration or compensation need be made for any materials or information (including but not restricted to creative, financial, business, commercial, etc.) submitted in any manner.

DISCLAIMER

THIS SITE AND ALL CONTENTS OF THE SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, BY YOUR USE OF THE SITE, THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK, THAT YOU ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ALL COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH ALL NECESSARY SERVICING OR REPAIRS OF ANY EQUIPMENT YOU USE IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF OUR SITE, AND THAT Pokémon SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THIS SITE.

INDEMNIFICATION

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Pokémon harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the Site. 


MISCELLANEOUS

Unless otherwise specified and except to the extent Pokémon products are offered for sale in the United States through this Site, this Site and the Contents thereof are displayed solely for the purpose of promoting Pokémon's products and services available in the United States. 

This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to any conflict of law provisions. Any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be resolved exclusively by the courts of the State of New York, County of New York and/or the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York.

MODIFICATIONS

These rules may be modified by Pokemon.com from time to time and such modifications will be binding on you when placed online.

