SWF To Image library License Agreement
FREEWARE
November 2006
 
This is a legal agreement between you, the end user, and Bytescout.  By answering 'YES'
you are agreeing to accept ownership of this product and to be bound by the terms of
this agreement.  It also contains proprietary source code which you are entitled to use
only under the terms of this license agreement. This License will continue as long as you use the Product.  
However, it will terminate if you fail to comply with any of its terms or conditions. 
You must agree, upon termination, to destroy all copies of the SWF To Image. 
 
Bytescout License For SWF To Image
 
1. Grant of License. Bytescout grants a limited, non-exclusive license to use one copy of the
application development tool called SWF To Image for the purpose of developing applications for the
Windows environment.  This copy of SWF To Image must be used by a single developer (single user).
You may not network the SWF To Image or otherwise use it for development on more than one computer
at the same time or by two different developers (users) at any time.  
 
2. Runtime Distribution License.  Bytescout grants you a royalty-free right to distribute copies of
the runtime files for use with applications you have developed using the SWF To Image. The SWF To Image
runtime files are listed in Exhibit A.  These libraries may not be distributed for any other purpose
than to accompany software that you have developed using the SWF To Image.  You may  use the SWF To Image
in your specific purpose application programs, in which case Bytescout grants you permission under
Bytescout 's copyright to use, give away or sell such programs without additional licenses or fees,
as long as all copies of these programs bear a valid copyright notice and provided that your program
is not merely a set or subset of the SWF To Image or a compilation or development tool or library which
includes all or a portion of the SWF To Image, or is otherwise a product that is generally competitive
with or a substitute for the SWF To Image.  This permission is granted solely for the purpose set forth
above, and you are not authorized to use the SWF To Image in any other manner.
 
3. Copyright.  The SWF To Image is owned by Bytescout and is protected by United States copyright laws
and international treaty provisions.  You may make one copy of the software for backup purposes.
You may not, under any circumstances, copy the manual and other written materials that accompany this software.
 
5. Other Restrictions.  You may not rent, lease, sub-license, transfer, or sell the SOFTWARE. You
may not translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble the SOFTWARE. 
 
No Warranty
 
This documentation and the COM Server library (DLL) are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind,
either expressed or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and/or
suitability for a particular purpose. The user assumes the entire risk of any damage caused by this software.
 
GOVERNING LAW AND GENERAL PROVISIONS 
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the United States of America, excluding the application of
its conflicts of law rules. If any part of this Agreement is found void and unenforceable, it will not
affect the validity of the rest of the Agreement, which shall remain valid and enforceable according to
its terms. You may not ship, transfer, or export the Software into any country or used in any manner
prohibited by any export laws, restrictions or regulations. 
This Agreement shall automatically terminate upon failure by you to comply with its terms. 
 
Web site: http://www.bytescout.com
 
Exhibit A
 
SWFToImage.dll